Mixins: check that `memcached_index_writes` exists before using it in `boltdb_shipper` (#8995)
grafana/loki: CHANGELOG.md

* [8988](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/8988) **darxriggs**: Promtail: Prevent logging errors on normal shutdown.

#### Mixins

#### Enhancements

#### Fixes

> * [8995](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/8995) **dannykopping**: Mixins: check that `memcached_index_writes` exists before using it in `boltdb_shipper`

Reviewer: What user facing error/bug does this change fix?

Author: You will get

```
evaluating jsonnet: RUNTIME ERROR: Field does not exist: memcached_index_writes
```

if you try and use the mixins with `use_boltdb_shipper: false`.

Reviewer: I'd phrase the changelog entry accordingly then:

```suggestion
* [8995](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/8995) **dannykopping**: Mixins: Fix Jsonnet `RUNTIME ERROR` that occurs when you try to use the mixins with `use_boltdb_shipper: false`.
```

Author: Good call, thanks!
